Edits to the 'physics test' doc set (#1411)
microsoft/pxt-arcade: docs/physics-tests/space-man.md

# Space Man

Test physics in space (a non-tile map, off normal screen experience).

> You inityially start on screen, but press then **A** (or move with dpad) to move the player off the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You initially start on screen, but press the **A** button (or move with dpad) to move the player off the
```
